What's going on guys ? It's Zack and welcome to this course on ethical hacking for beginners. This course is made for people who are interested in IT security and penetration testing, more specifically for those who want to perform penetration testing (what we call penetration testing). As you know, IT security is a very broad field and there are several specialties, including penetration testing and ethical hacking. This is the subject of our course today: ethical hacking and penetration testing, which we will address throughout this course. I want to specify that this course is not a complete training on everything related to ethical hacking. I designed this course to serve as a guide if you are starting in penetration testing and ethical hacking. If you are a beginner and you don't know yet if this field is made for you, I highly recommend that you follow this course. Indeed, we will address all the phases that a penetration tester must follow to successfully carry out their test. This is exactly what you will do on a daily basis if you decide to launch into this career. This course will therefore be your guide. We will address different concepts and principles, like the different phases of a penetration testing: reconnaissance, scanning, exploitation, privilege escalation, maintaining access, clearing tracks, and writing the report. All of this is included in this course and it's what you will do in your future job as a pentester. At the end of this course, you will have a much clearer idea on whether you want to continue in this field or not. Before diving into the following lessons, you will need some prerequisites. First of all, network basics. You must understand fundamental concepts: knowing what an IP address is, protocols, ping, etc. These are simple notions, but essential to understand what we will see next. The second prerequisite concerns Linux. We will use a Linux operating system to attack and test the security of systems and networks, and more particularly a specific distribution called Kali Linux. You will therefore need some basics to use the terminal, interact with the system, and understand our operations. The third prerequisite is passion. You need passion to learn, as well as curiosity to discover new things. These are the prerequisites in terms of skills. As for the hardware, you will need a machine with at least 8 GB of RAM, a processor of at least 5th generation, and some available disk space. This will allow you to install the necessary virtual machines and enjoy a smooth experience with the projects we are going to carry out. That's it for the presentation of this ethical hacking course for beginners. I hope you will enjoy it and that it will...
